V2.md, before:

# TODO

- [X] Fix Changing workspaces
    - fluorite.no_unmap = 1
    - XSync(fluorite.display, True)
    - fluorite.no_unmap = 0
- [X] Fix Sending windows to another workspace
    - Same method as before
- [-] Fix Grabbing slaves > index 0
    - There might be a bug. It's probably coming from XUnmapWindow not secured.
    - There is definitely ghost windows sometimes
        - [-] Might be fixed
- [X] Fix border color not applied when switching workspace with only one window
    - Seems to only need to force border at every redraw or mouse movement
        - might be related to enternotify
- [X] Find why the count of tiled windows fail when retiling floating windows

- [ ] Fix resizing on organizer mode
- [ ] Find why I can't put the maximum window count per workspace on more than 5 workspaces
- [ ] Discord is fully bugged in window mode ??????

- [ ] Test multiple monitors
    - [ ] Fix monitors error
- [ ] Clean all unnecessary code from winframes
- [ ] Battle test the V2
- [ ] Add River layout
- [ ] Add Mystic layout
- [ ] Fix fullscreen toggle to keep floating windows position and size

Commit message:

(fix): Multimonitors take 1
- Kinda fixed issues with managing workspaces across multiple monitors

V2.md, after:

# TODO

- [X] Fix Changing workspaces
    - fluorite.no_unmap = 1
    - XSync(fluorite.display, True)
    - fluorite.no_unmap = 0
- [X] Fix Sending windows to another workspace
    - Same method as before
- [-] Fix Grabbing slaves > index 0
    - There might be a bug. It's probably coming from XUnmapWindow not secured.
    - There is definitely ghost windows sometimes
        - [-] Might be fixed
- [X] Fix border color not applied when switching workspace with only one window
    - Seems to only need to force border at every redraw or mouse movement
        - might be related to enternotify
- [X] Find why the count of tiled windows fail when retiling floating windows

- [X] Send window that is focused, not only the master or slave one
- [ ] Fix invisible (not ghost) windows when sending a window to another monitor
    - Seems like the issue only happen when using picom
        - I might need to check if I can avoid that by changing my code
- [ ] Find why I can't put the maximum window count per workspace on more than 5 workspaces
    - Strangely, it kinda fix itself sometimes
- [ ] Discord is fully bugged in window mode ??????

- [ ] Test multiple monitors
    - [ ] Fix borders color
- [ ] Clean all unnecessary code from winframes
- [ ] Battle test the V2
- [ ] Add River layout
- [ ] Add Mystic layout
- [ ] Fix fullscreen toggle to keep floating windows position and size

- [ ] Fix resizing on organizer mode
    - Again, mostly an issue with firefox and it's stupid issue....
